Disability categories (#70)
DFE-Digital/dfe-reference-data: docs/lists_equality_and_diversity.md

## Equality and Diversity

> ### `DfE::ReferenceData::EqualityAndDiversity::DISABILITIES`

Reviewer: I think we should refer to this list as "disabilities and health conditions" everywhere, even if that’s more longwinded, as that is how we now refer to the list on Apply, and some of the conditions may not be considered disabilities by some people.

```suggestion
### `DfE::ReferenceData::EqualityAndDiversity::DISABILITIES_AND_HEALTH_CONDITIONS`
```

```ruby
require 'dfe/reference_data/equality_and_diversity'
```

> Disability classifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disabilities and health conditions
```

> These items are intended to be referenced from a multiple-value field. The opt-out option is exclusive; if used, no other values can be used. The absence of any options in the multiple-value field is to be interpreted as the user having no disabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These items are intended to be referenced from a multiple-value field. The opt-out option is exclusive; if used, no other values can be used. The absence of any options in the multiple-value field is to be interpreted as the user having no disabilities or health conditions affecting daily life.
```

> Owner: Register team.

Reviewer: joint owners?
```suggestion
Owner: Apply and Register teams.
```

| Field       | Type                                         | Purpose                                                                                                                                                        |
|-------------|----------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `id`        | UUID                                         | A unique identifier for this disability option                                                                                                                 |
| `name`      | string                                       | The long name of the disability option.                                                                                                                        |
| `hint`      | optional string                              | An optional hint to be shown alongside the name to users                                                                                                       |

> | `generic`   | optional boolean                             | If present and true, indicates that this is a generic "other" option and, if selected, the user should be prompted for free text to specify any further detail |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `generic`   | optional boolean                             | If present and true, indicates that this is a generic "other" option and, if selected, the user should be prompted for free text to optionally specify any further detail |
```

> | `opt_out`   | optional boolean                             | If present and true, indicates that the user has opted out of answering the question. This value is exclusive and cannot be combined with any other option     |

Reviewer: Should we use the same language here as the interface? "opt out" feels subtly different from "prefer not to say" and slightly jargony?

```suggestion
| `prefer_not_to_say`   | optional boolean                             | If present and true, indicates that the user has selected that they prefer not to answer the question. This value is exclusive and cannot be combined with any other option     |
```
